Highlight Non-Overlapping Functionality Between K8s and Cilium Network Policies (#21001)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/policy/caveats.rst

another node after the service endpoint selection, then it will have the ``reserved:remote-node``.

The latter traffic will match ``fromEntities: cluster`` policies.

Differences From Kubernetes Network Policies
============================================

When creating Cilium Network Policies it is important to keep in mind that Cilium Network
Policies do not perfectly replicate the functionality of `Kubernetes Network Policies <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/>`_.

There are two ways Cilium Network Policies do not overlap with existing Kubernetes Network
Policy functionality:

1. Cilium Network Policies that reference the Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP)

>    will not work properly. Currently, Cilium does not support SCTP.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the relevant GH issue?

```suggestion
   will not work properly. Currently, Cilium does not support SCTP (see :gh-issue:`5719`).
```

2. Cilium Network Policies that use CIDR blocks to define endpoints controlled by Cilium

>    (i.e. internal to the Kubernetes cluster) will not work properly. As stated elsewhere
>    in this documentation, CIDR policies in Cilium are used to define policies to and from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (i.e. internal to the Kubernetes cluster) will not work properly. As stated under the :ref:`policy_cidr`
   section of this documentation, CIDR policies in Cilium are used to define policies to and from
```

   endpoints which are not managed by Cilium (i.e. external to the Kubernetes cluster).
   CIDR policies **can** be used in Kubernetes network policies to define policies to and

>    from endpoints which are internal to the Kubernetes cluster (i.e. managed by the CNI).

Reviewer 2: I think this is a little bit ambiguous, as it could imply that Cilium implements upstream Kubernetes network policies in a way that allows those CIDR statements to apply to cilium-managed endpoints. However, that is not the case.
